we're here at the AC Milan jr. camps
we're going to be looking at kick ups
now a lot of you were probably thinking
hiccups that's just for show
what to do that's just for show brain
but hiccup so important for more than
just showboat pony there's three main
things that we're going to be looking at
first thing is coordination what's the
first thing the second thing is
technique what's the second thing
and the third thing is confidence what's
the third thing
excellent right okay so the first thing
we're going to be looking at new week if
you come out here probably the easiest
way to start learning pickups is this
this is probably the easiest way give it
about and kick the ball up and you catch
it mount kick the ball up and catch it
now move there's one main thing you want
to remember and it's the part of the
foot that you want to use you don't want
to use the inside of your foot you don't
want to use the outside of your foot you
want to use your shoelace what do you I
use what do we use yeah excellent
so you're going to be keeping the ball
so can you give me five kick ups with a
bounce come on one two
three
cool
excellent okay so that's probably the
easiest way to start learning to improve
your hiccups
next up once your master the bounce and
the kick up you're looking at doing it
without without any bounces so more like
that now the important thing to remember
with this thing with this technique is
not to keep the ball too high the higher
you keep the ball the harder it is to
control okay so you want to keep the
ball quite low okay Dylan out come back
up all I'm looking for is roughly five
kick ups
without about with your right foot
reckon you got that chunk it's got one
two three four fine I'll give you that
I'll give you that world I'm going to
give you five excellent okay so that's
probably the next progression and then
loves me once you master doing kick ups
with one foot you're looking at doing it
with two foot two feet using different
parts of your body like your knees your
head whatever so both feet maybe a few
knees
just like that and we're going to have
to be damned to come and demonstrate
this one to them Eddie come so all I
want you to do
just give me roughly ten maybe ten kick
ups using any part of your body both
feet let's go gone one two three four
five six seven eight nine ten
excellent give me five and that was kick
ups go home practice see how many you
can do